Paula   House2
Hey, wanna know a secret? Everyone here only says what I tell them to.
I love foraging, don't you?
Graphic design is NOT my passion.
I broke a cactus in half when I was five. Hey, it was for the sake of science.
I also once knocked a crystal off a chandelier. We're not talking about that.
A RHHS student nicknamed "Pail" who is panicking over her compsci final project.

Kevin     House3
aaaAAAgghhhh
Hey, have you seen my ethics assignment? I think I lost it.
I'll have you know, I made the framework for this whole world.
Have you gone into the mines yet? Mining is great.
I heard you used to do deliveries for a living. Want to take a look at my microwave?
An RHHS student. Settled down as a painter to make framework. Has curly hair.

Candice   House6
Bruh.
Do you like javacake? I love javacake.
QA is my passion. I make QA reports for everything, including this world!
GUI is so much fun. Don't you enjoy thousands of lines of "paint component"? ...Nevermind, it's nothing important.
Have you tried fishing yet? It's fun.
A true master of GUI that decided to live the quiet life away from WorldPanel.

Joseph    House5
I used to be a farmer. What did you do before coming here?
Have you been to the local McDonlad's? They sell great food. Actually, just visit all the houses. They're great.
Man, graphic design is definitely my passion.
I think I threw out my compsci mark. Yikes, I didn't do so well on that one.
Make sure to go onto YouTube and check out "lmao dab!~"! It's a great playlist.
A young RHHS student who cursed the land so that animals don't exist anymore.

UncleZhang    House1
Have a nice day.
You should come to HillHacks! It's in April.
I-I'm not a weeb... *cough*
What's my first name? Guess! I'll give you a hint: It starts with a "B".
No. The answer is no.
A senior student at RHHS. So skinny that his body disappeared. Is also watching you.

Allen   House4
It's not like I wanted to pass English or anything.
I'm having advanced fun.
'Sup b i g b o.
Welcome to Stardube.
Is it terraria modding time?
Epic french horn player known for wearing cat ears and being a tsundere. baka

Mr.Mangat   GeneralStore
Wait a second. I'm busy checking the OOP design of this place.
I think a few of our—sorry, my—students will have to retake ICS3U6. Not naming names, you know, since they live around here.
If you ever find a Makbooc while fishing, you should throw it in the trash.
I wouldn't look into WorldPanel if I were you.
Have you seen World.processEvents()? Oh boy...
An amazing RHHS teacher and our resident general store manager, apparently. (Please go easy on us Mr. Mangat.)

Ms.Kostanenko     Blacksmith
It is coming.
You screwed.
Washing dishes is a very important life skill!
Isn't chemistry fun?
Fun fact: burettes are $300 each.
Resident chemist and blacksmith, and a chemistry teacher to boot. May know magic.

Shari     McDonlads
I don't like broccoli.
Wearing braces sucks.
Anime aren't TV shows.
Wanna see my pseudocode?
Hey, I want your opinion. Do I really need to go to co-op today? 
A RHHS Student. Has cool braces. Doesn't like broccoli.

Mr.Grigorov   Clinic
You're too slow man.
I like collecting ties. Do you collect anything?
Biking is good for your health!
People look down on colleges, but I think there's nothing wrong with going to a college.
Teaching TEJ3M at RHHS is... an interesting experience.
Legend has it he was once the fastest man alive. Also an RHHS teacher.

Name         
5 lines of dialogue
1 line of profile description   
blank line                                                       
                                                              